This week I used js5 to draw a monster. He isn't amazing, and I'm not super happy with how he turned out. Making him was totally exhausting. I chose to make him mostly the same color with some other colors for accents, and I chose to only use the translate feature once. I think it might have been easier if I had been able to use it multiple times to create things on different planes but to be honest, the coordinate system was the thing I had the biggest problem with. I wish there was some sort of program where I could draw out what I wanted first, on like basically graph paper, and then just enter the coordinates for what I'd already drawn into js5. I felt like I was doing way too much entering coordinates and then just like sort of looking to see where they turned out to be. Even though I was trying to follow the system I just couldn't get it to make sense to my brain.
I started out by drawing out what I wanted my monster to look like on a plain sheet of paper. I tried to place him at the 0 mark of my quadrants and then make a few labels for where the coordinates should be and the approximate size I wanted everything to be. This helped me but even with the sheet and my actually being able to reference the picture I still found the coordinate system really clunky. I also should have made my canvas smaller, but I realized that too late and I didn't want to mess up all of my coordinates by changing it.
I did post to the repo about how.. intense my computer was being, which makes it kind of distracting to code sometimes. I also wound up turning this assignment in late, but that's my own personal fault, I chose to plan my las vegas vacation on Wednesday during the time I would usually do homework. My other problem, as I've mentioned a few times, lol, is the coordinate system. I'm not super amazing at math so maybe I just need to get back into that mind frame, but I feel really frustrated because I really do think I went out of my way to pay attention to it and tried different techniques like drawing and referencing where other objects I'd already drawn were located to figure out coordinates and it still did not go well for me. My entire picture feels like it was drawn from trial and error instead of a logical process which this should have been.
I'd just like to get better at using the coordinates. Honesetly the code itself wasn't that hard, the rules for all the shapes are really consistent and it's easy to look up anything else I might want to know both on the course website in the weekly lesson and in the js5 pages. I had almost no errors in compiling my code and I feel pretty good about that. It is interesting though, in my programming class we're always being encouraged not to make repetitive code, and here it seems like it might be neccesary, but maybe we'll learn how to take some of that out later.
I didn't offer any help to my classmates this week. I'm worried because 1. I am not that knowledable and 2. not that many people post for help. I don't want to just be commenting "well try turning it off and then on again" on everyone's posts while 30 other people also comment because that's not constructive for anybody. 
